well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
system the system as a whole
and how to change the system
over time and something that happened on
my social media
because it prompted a question
that leads us to this topic
it started on instagram where somebody
asked
basically they were asking when the
stimulus checks were coming because they
need groceries
like now they're out
the replies to that question
was half a dozen people saying you know
what's your paypal
i got you and justin
i'm never prepared for when i see that
in the comments
and i see it way more than you might
expect
that kind of aid occurring between y'all
it happens a lot this one
for whatever reason i took a screenshot
of blocked the names out so nobody could
see who was involved
and put it on twitter which
prompted another question
am i cynical and burnt out this kind of
thing
doesn't get me at all the fact that folk
are in that position when there's no
need to be
if we had a functioning caring and
socially intelligent government
literally no need for anyone to be
without basic needs food shelter warmth
this religious kind of christmas miracle
outpouring of generosity doesn't restore
my faith in humanity
it confirms that it is so celebrated and
needed
that it shows just how much humanity and
society as a whole
is broken and maybe always has been
am i just blah
you're not just blah you're absolutely
correct
you are absolutely correct inside
every one of those heartwarming stories
where a kid is selling lemonade so their
neighbor down the road can get a
prosthetic or there's people getting
food for somebody
or people acting to keep someone in
their home
whatever it is inside of that story
is an indictment of the system
absolutely you are absolutely correct
then the question becomes how do we
change the system
a system that is notoriously reluctant
to change
get a piece of parchment paper and sign
our names to it
doesn't work like that anymore takes
time
and it takes altering the system the
easiest way to do that
is to ignore the system as much as
humanly possible
to not play by the rules the system has
taught you
what are the rules the system has taught
about this situation
well they probably deserved it nobody
should help
because everybody should be out for
themselves right
every one of these stories is an
indictment of the system
but it also shows that people aren't
playing by those rules anymore
people are going to help each other
they're going to engage in this kind of
aid
and assist one another when they're down
if that goes on long enough it becomes
institutionalized
it becomes the way people attempt to get
help
what does that mean for the government
institutions
the government only has power the system
that we're in
only has authority because people
believe that it does
if people stop turning to this system
for help and they build their own system
that exists outside of the powers that
be
they don't put much faith in the current
system
it erodes that faith it erodes its
authority it erodes its hold on people
goes on long enough and this could take
a hundred years
goes on long enough and
people don't even look for help there
that's not where they
turn they don't turn to this system
they turn to their neighbors they turn
to a new system
one that was voluntarily created without
coercion without
force
at that point the system that is so
reluctant to change has two choices
it can either catch up and reflect the
will of the people
promote the general welfare or can fall
into disuse
and become obsolete
cease to be as
odd as it may seem in the current
system helping each other like this
doing what you can when you can where
you can for as long as you can
is a revolutionary act because over time
people will begin to rely on each other
more than their betters those who are in
control of this system
i would suggest
that any system that is born
out of people wanting to help each other
wanting to cooperate wanting everybody
to have what they need
and it being done voluntarily without
coercion without force
any system that comes from those tenants
is going to be pretty cool it's going to
be a system we want it's going to be a
system we can be proud of
one that doesn't kick down
one that lifts everybody up
so yeah
nobody should be in that position but in
the system we have
there are people like that there are
people in that situation
but when you see those heartwarming
stories that are definitely an
indictment
of the system look at it more
as people actively
undermining the system that is holding
so many
down
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day